Various docs fixes (#592)
SciML/Catalyst.jl: docs/src/catalyst_functionality/parametric_stoichiometry.md

# [Symbolic Stochiometries](@id parametric_stoichiometry)
Catalyst supports stoichiometric coefficients that involve parameters, species,
or even general expressions. In this tutorial we show several examples of how to

> use parametric stoichiometry, and discuss several caveats to be aware of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use symbolic stoichiometries, and discuss several caveats to be aware of.
```

end
reactions(revsys)
```
Note, as always the `@reaction_network` macro defaults to setting all symbols neither used as a reaction substrate nor a product to
be parameters. Hence, in this example we have two species (`A`

> and `B`) and four parameters (`₊`, `k₋`, `m`, and `n`). In addition, the stoichiometry is applied to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and `B`) and four parameters (`k₊`, `k₋`, `m`, and `n`). In addition, the stoichiometry is applied to the
```
